EZEE-2911 Site Factory (#54)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/site_organization/site_factory.md

# Site Factory

> The Site Factory allows you to easily create and manage multiple sites in different languages from one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Site Factory enables you to easily create and manage multiple sites in different languages from one place.
```

> All the sites can be kept in one repository and have the same instance.

Reviewer: Not clear, maybe something like:
```suggestion
All the sites can be kept in the Repository of your installation.
```
?

To be able to use it, the Site Factory has to be enabled and configured by your administrator.

> For more information see developer documentation on [Site Factory]().

Reviewer: Remember to add link

## Create a site

> To access Site Factory select **Site** tab and Site Factory icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Site Factory select the **Site** tab and Site Factory icon.
```

> If Site Factory is enabled, and you have sufficient permissions you should be able to click **Create** button and access **Creating a new Site**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Site Factory is enabled, and you have sufficient permissions, you should be able to click the **Create** button and access **Creating a new Site**.
```

![Site Factory icon](img/site_factory_icon.png)

Here, you can create an entirely new site or a different language version of an already existing site.
First, you will select a name and predefined design for your site.

![Create a new site step one](img/site_factory_new_site_step_1.png)

> Next, you can decide if the site will go live after creation or will be offline by switching status bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you can decide if the site will go live after creation or will be offline with the Status switcher.
```

In this section you will also define the access URL address(es) and main language, as well as fallback languages of the site.

![Create a new site step two](img/site_factory_new_site_step_2.png)

If all required fields are filled out you can select **Create,** and the site will be added to the site list in the **Site** tab.

## Edit a site

To edit the site select **Site settings** icon that is situated next to the site name.
Here, you can edit all the elements you selected during creation of the site:

- name
- design
- visibility
- URL
- language

## Delete a site

To enable deleting a site you have to change the site status to offline.

> Live sites cannot be deleted. Next, select **delete** icon and confirm your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Live sites cannot be deleted. Next, select the **Delete** icon and confirm your choice.
```
